<!-- Code generated by gomarkdoc. DO NOT EDIT -->

# db

```go
import "database/database"
```

## Index

- [type DB](<#DB>)
  - [func Open\(filePath string\) \(\*DB, error\)](<#Open>)
  - [func \(db \*DB\) Close\(filePath string\) error](<#DB.Close>)
  - [func \(db \*DB\) Del\(key string\) error](<#DB.Del>)
  - [func \(db \*DB\) Get\(key string\) \(string, bool, error\)](<#DB.Get>)
  - [func \(db \*DB\) Put\(key string, value string\) error](<#DB.Put>)
- [type DiskNode](<#DiskNode>)


<a name="DB"></a>
## type DB

DB represents a connection to a database, managing access to its B\-tree structure. It provides methods for inserting, retrieving, and deleting key\-value pairs in a thread\-safe manner.

```go
type DB struct {
    // contains filtered or unexported fields
}
```

<a name="Open"></a>
### func Open

```go
func Open(filePath string) (*DB, error)
```

Open opens a new database connection at the specified file path. It ensures that the directory exists and creates it if necessary, and returns an existing connection if one already exists. Parameters: \- filePath: The file path where the database should be stored or accessed. Returns: A pointer to the DB instance, and an error if the connection cannot be established.

<a name="DB.Close"></a>
### func \(\*DB\) Close

```go
func (db *DB) Close(filePath string) error
```

Close closes the database connection for the specified file path and releases associated resources. The method ensures the database is not already closed before proceeding with the closure. Parameters: \- filePath: The file path of the database to be closed. Returns: An error if the database is already closed or if any issues arise during the closure.

<a name="DB.Del"></a>
### func \(\*DB\) Del

```go
func (db *DB) Del(key string) error
```

Del deletes the key\-value pair associated with the specified key from the database. The method locks the database for exclusive write access while deleting the pair. Parameters: \- key: The key to be deleted. Returns: An error if the deletion fails.

<a name="DB.Get"></a>
### func \(\*DB\) Get

```go
func (db *DB) Get(key string) (string, bool, error)
```

Get retrieves the value associated with a key from the database. The method locks the database for read access while retrieving the value. Parameters: \- key: The key for which the value is to be retrieved. Returns: The value associated with the key, a boolean indicating if the key was found, and an error if the retrieval fails.

<a name="DB.Put"></a>
### func \(\*DB\) Put

```go
func (db *DB) Put(key string, value string) error
```

Put inserts a key\-value pair into the database, ensuring the pair is valid before insertion. The method locks the database for exclusive write access while inserting the pair. Parameters: \- key: The key to be inserted. \- value: The value associated with the key to be inserted. Returns: An error if the insertion fails.

<a name="DiskNode"></a>
## type DiskNode

DiskNode represents an in\-memory node in the B\-tree.

```go
type DiskNode struct {
    // contains filtered or unexported fields
}
```

Generated by [gomarkdoc](<https://github.com/princjef/gomarkdoc>)
